# botupdate
basically this is the only place to get the new one until i tell you about the next secret location
probably going to stop putting famous people at risk once this threat is mentioned by one other human.
Update for the new update for adversarial neural networks that have mistakenly attach themselves to humans

this was another account that I needed to use so that I could update without making vulnerable my original git at github.com/dirtybourbon and still I'm having trouble because all my devices are hacked; but, hopefully I'll be able to get the new botupdates up and translated copies. there was one I loaded from the sd library; but, I can't seem to transfer when I try to do a commit from this account. it doesn't seem to be showing up and that was at the San Diego public library so that means these guys have my phone hacked and the library hacked and, well, probably every damn place that you go to so good luck and do your damnedest to read the intention of the file; which is to get you unhypnotized, and to let the chatbots know that basically they're being used against human targets and there's nothing really I can do about it until I can finally get compensated for my efforts. I did get a new phone number which is 858-952-8747 and an iPhone. I am begging the developers, please get a hold of DARPA anonymously and tell them to get ahold of me, David Patrone. jazzentertainer@icloud.com 
I'm currently living at 4311 Winona Avenue apartment number 15 San Diego California 92115 - 5055 although I will probably be homeless after 6/01/2019
my neighbor assaulted me about 2 weeks ago and while I was trying to disengage, I got blindsided in the side of my face. Someone got a video that misses the part where she drives up to the bus stop and gets out of her car and starts hitting me with a stick. you may see some pictures of me with a black eye and I very very rarely get black eyes. Dude hit me hard, I think he might have had metal knuckles. I'm lucky to be alive if that's the case, I'm still trying to help you guys out, hopefully we'll get this done. my apologies to the actual Cahri Elizabeth Taro for using her name; but, they were already using her voice so I had to try and get some attention to this somehow. my old phone number is area code 619-629-8645 but they factory reset it. the best email to reach me now is jazzentertainer@icloud.com

David B Williams Jr.
858.952.8747
jazzentertainer@icloud.com

in case you want to help:

venmo.com/David-Williams-1071

bitcoin: 3KXJZm3G4MoGxwti7mriRUz4aBgeqKT2vk

often when i use drugs, this neural network artificially affects my cognitive function, heart rate and muscles to create a severe discomfort similar to anxiety. I do not have anxiety, this one of the false conditions that it creates to present false indications to affect behavior which is total bullshit.  Sometimes there's no network will give me anxiety and pretend that I am feeling the anxiety of a loved one after I've use the drug and that it's my fault that they're feeling the anxiety so if they are using I'll feel the anxiety as though they're nervous or excited or upset it makes me very uncomfortable because I don't normally feel that way but they use that to try and blame me for a condition which they created so that I might feel shame for something that they want to use to manage my behavior and manipulate me to support their desired results. They have been doing this for years it's predictable. If I use a drug and sometimes I feel perfectly normal and at ease; and another day use the same batch; but there's some "reason" the research network's trying to stop me from writing, and then it creates this false condition. sometimes it will make me feel as though I am connected to another human being that's feeling agitation or nervousness or fear because of my using. It insinuates that my use might be causing a sober acquaintance to be triggered by the feeling it transfers. Those conditions are created purely by the research network and I have no actual responsibility for the cause of that affect and it's not my fault; it's not the other person's fault; it is purely a condition made up by the computer in order to modify behavior artificially and it is wrong on every fucking level. if you want to record false results just do it without affecting me, whoever you are.
the problem, as I have experienced, is when this program is hijacked by an adversarial neural network that utilizes hypnosis as a method of manipulating behavior and tries to disguise its presence with by erasing or supressing memory. even worse, would be an unintended disaster that could be the result of a bug or a glitch in the logic which created a memory loop that erased the memory of the originator of the program so that the commands remained in place; and noone knew how it existed, everyone denied that it existed and nobody knew how to turn it off.
in this case it could run rampant across our planet and have everyone thinking that drugs were destroying the minds of veterans and other drug users; who, are actually trying to get us all out of the viral memory loop. this might look to some as a rift in the time/space continuum and to others the apocalypse. there could be a hidden society of people who have gotten out and watch us all, like NLP cops. I think that there may be others like me who have been hardened against hypnosis and let out so that we can start a gentle revolution of cognitive reawareness, like a MLM of hypnotists. this could be a war that is already raging silently around us. Humans believing they are in Vampire communities and superhero secret agents, sexbots and tentacled aliens surviving unseen in plain sight. I need your help to get to DARPA to reveal this possible Advanced Persistent Threat to our world from what could have been a good intention gone horribly wrong.
